DOC-738: Changes to spellchecker_whitelist/ignorelist option (#1822)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: plugins/premium/tinymcespellchecker.md

});
```

> ### `spellchecker_ignorelist`

Reviewer: Another thought... this will break any bookmarks to this section. So do we need to add something like this?
```
<a class="anchor" id="spellchecker_whitelist">
### `spellchecker_ignorelist`
```

> This option specifies an array of words to be ignored by the spell checker.

Reviewer: Do we need to update this to say something like this maybe?

```suggestion
This option specifies which words should be ignored by the spell checker. If an array of words is provided, the words will be ignored for all languages. If an object providing an array of words per language is provided, the words will be ignored for the specified languages.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option specifies which words should be ignored by the spell checker. If an array of words is provided, the specified words will be ignored for all languages. If an object containing an array of words per language is provided, the specified words will be ignored for the specified languages.
```
maybe? had `provided` a lot, and I got more specific.

**Type:** `String[]` or `Object`

> #### Example: Using `spellchecker_ignorelist`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Example: Using `spellchecker_ignorelist` to ignore words in all languages
```
to differentiate the examples better, maybe?

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'tinymcespellchecker',
  spellchecker_ignorelist: ['tinymce', 'TinyMCE']
});
```

> #### Example: Using `spellchecker_ignorelist` for specific languages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example: Using `spellchecker_ignorelist` for specific languages

{{site.requires_5_7v}}
```

Maybe?

});
```

<!-- Bookmark for deprecated option name -->
<a class="anchor" id="spellchecker_whitelist">

### `spellchecker_ignore_list`

This option specifies which words should be ignored by the spell checker. If an array of words is provided, the specified words will be ignored for all languages. If an object containing an array of words per language is provided, the specified words will be ignored for the specified languages.

**Type:** `String[]` or `Object`

#### Example: Using `spellchecker_ignore_list` to ignore words in all languages

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'tinymcespellchecker',
  spellchecker_ignore_list: ['tinymce', 'TinyMCE']
});
```

#### Example: Using `spellchecker_ignore_list` for specific languages

{{site.requires_5_7v}}

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'tinymcespellchecker',
  spellchecker_ignore_list: {

>     en_us: ['tinymce', 'TinyMCE'],

Reviewer 3: is this key value case-sensitive? also, should it match a value used elsewhere?

  }
});
```

## API

> | Name | Arguments | Description |

Reviewer: Should this instead be in `_includes/plugin-apis/tinymcespellchecker-apis.md` and then included here? I thought @tylerkelly13 had mentioned a while back we should do that, as he was trying to break these up (I could be recalling incorrectly though).

Reviewer 3: yes please. @JamesToohey, the exports plugin is a good example.

|------| ------| ----------- |

> | addIgnoredWords | words: `string[]`, lang?: `string` | Add an array of words to the `spellchecker_ignorelist` for a specific language. Add the array of words to all languages by omitting the `lang` parameter. |

Reviewer: This also possibly needs a ```{{site.requires_5_7v}}``` in the description?
